in this video I will explain how
perform the crochet or high point
first let's make a chain
we start by making a slipknot
and then let's make the string myself
this case I will make it 8 points
one
two
8 if you want to see how to make a chain
you can click on the image that
appears here or search below in the
description of the video I will leave the
link
well once we have the chain
let's do
three chains plus one
two
3 and then we will make a loop and
let's introduce the string in the
room 1 2 3 4
in the fourth point
we introduce we take out we have 3 and
now we are going to make one more loop and
let's go through inside the two
first
laced
coat
inside of the two I have two of
new and now I'm going to make a loop
again and I'm going to take out inside
the two then it would be that we are taking out
two by two let's do it again
laced
I put the needle in the next
point
I take the thread with the hook
coat
3 remain
made a loop again and I'm going to
draw inside the first two
I have two left and now he took out again
inside the two
and so we would have the point vareta
laced
introduce in the next point he took the
thread I have three lasso
inside the first two are left
two and pulled inside
and so we will be staying
the point vareta but I leave 3 remain
loop sack inside the two
first two are left and now the room
again and pulled by
we
in the living room
introduced with the next point he took the
and he got it out 3 left behind
step inside the first two I
there are two left and I step inside the two
the last two points remain
and we are going to do
a little bit of the second round
now the last
here we have our first round for
do the second one let's do
three chains
we turn the fabric
and we do the same a loop
we introduce
not in this but in what
we produce the needle we take the thread we
3 remain
linked
I introduce as the child sack
there are 3 lazada step inside the
first two I have two left and now
postponed again and passed through the others
arms
and so
the point is made vareta
Well I hope you have served them
video and that you liked and you know
you can subscribe to the channel to go
watching all the videos that I'm uploading
Y
i